# Java-Assignment-
The first program should emulate virtual dice throwing. It should get from the standard inputthe number of sides of the virtual dice (should be >= 2) and the number of times to be thrownwhich should be a multiple of the number of sides, you should check for this and make sure itis the case. The program should then throw the dice and print out the number of times eachside occurred. Given than random numbers will be used, you should be able to see that thehigher  the  number  of  throws,  the  closer  the  results  will  be  towards  approximately  equaloccurrence of all sides (same probability). 
The program should deal gracefully with incorrect type  of  arguments  through  checks  and  exceptions.  You  will  need  to  get  the  arguments  ininfinite loops “e.g. while (true)”, continuing with “continue;” when an argument is wrong andfinally  breaking  the  loop  with  “break;”  when  the  required  argument  has  been  correctlyreceived. Note that while using Scanner to get these values, if a value is incorrect and causesan exception, the ScannernextLinemethod should be used which advances to the next line ofthe  standard  input.  Otherwise,  the  scanner  keeps  getting  the  same  incorrect  value  and  theprogram will keep looping.Although obvious, it should be stated that this program does not exercise any object-orientedfeatures per se, e.g. reusable object-oriented code, unlike the second one.
The second program has the purpose to get you to implement the Point, Circle and Cylinderclasses as in the lecture notes in order to get to understand better, assimilate and exercise theinheritance  features  taught  in  the  lectures.  You  should  implement  those  three  classes  usinginheritance, with Shape being an interface instead of an abstract class. You should pay specialattention  to  reusing code  from  the  class  you  inherit  from  so  that  you  introduce  the  derivedclass with the minimal amount of code, as in the notes. You can find the code in the printednotes but not in the PDF versions on Moodle as the idea is to write the code by yourselves,realising  how  object-oriented  features  related  to  inheritance  are  exercised  and  understand  /assimilate the relevant principles.Having  implemented  those  classes,  you  should  write  a  ShapeTest  program  that  gets  inputfrom  the  user  to  create  a  Point,  Circle  or  Cylinder  accordingly.  The  user  should  be  able tocreate  as  many  of  these  shapes  and  s/he  wants.  The  menu  should  also  allow  the  user  toprintout the created objects When the user finishes with passing relevant input, the programshould print the created using the getName(), toString(), getArea() and getVolume() methods,in  a  similar  fashion  to  the  polymorphic  behaviour  test  program  in  the  notes.  The  programshould  deal  gracefully  with  incorrect  number  and  type  of  arguments  through  checks  andexceptions
